This is for you
Don't despise
This ring isn't cheap.
This is my intention
Please accept it.
What a good trick to lay a long line to catch a big fish!
This woman is much smarter than Li Feil
Are you trying to use the gold ring as bait to exchange for a gold house?
Ah, I'm not used to receiving things from others.
How about this?
There is more than 10 million in this card.
I bought this ring.
You can't refuse
More
Just think of it as you protecting me from the knife.
The big fish is hooked
Oh yeah
What's the matter with you calling me here today?
Tomorrow is my birthday
I want to invite you to my birthday party
There are several high school classmates you know.
Oh three goddesses
After so many years of graduation
I haven't seen you invite me to your birthday party.
Why do I suddenly remember it now?
Didn't I have your contact information in the past few years?
Why is it now?
Never mind. It's not important.
Remember to go to the hospital to bandage your wound. See you tomorrow.
Hey Raymond Lam
I'll pick you up tomorrow
Lin Feng, I will catch you sooner or later